UPDATE (December 7, 2015): I write a lot, and writing is a process. Sometimes it’s tough to put yourself out there through fiction, but I do so hoping that one person might read what I’ve written and take something positive away from the experience. I created this story because I needed to make sense of a few things in my life and the world around me, and I thought maybe someone else might be feeling the same way. It’s $0.99 on Amazon (If you have Kindle Unlimited, or know someone who does, you can get it for free or get it through the borrow program - Amazon won’t let me make it free otherwise). Bottomline, if you need something to take your mind off of the news around the country and the world for a second, I hope you give it a look. It’s called, “Felix, Upon His Bench” and you can find it here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0190W3L4A . It’s the first of three volumes. Here is the synopsis: Delaware Foster is at a crossroads in life. The early-thirties Washingtonian begins Monday as best he can, knowing that Friday holds a painful reminder of his ongoing struggles. As Delaware moves through the rituals of each day, he is unaware that this week will be different. He goes to work. He walks to lunch through the same park, just as he would any other day. Then he sees the new face of a man seated on a bench. The presence of this ever-smiling transient would otherwise be unremarkable were it not for all of the visitors engaged in passionate conversation with him. Focused on himself and his own troubles, Delaware ignores the subtle curiosity resting beneath the surface until Friday arrives and that enigmatic gentleman, Felix, introduces himself. But how does Felix know so much about Delaware and the significance of this Friday? What does he want from Delaware? What is his purpose in Delaware’s life? The answers to these questions will help lead Delaware from the man he is to the man he hopes he can be, all while attempting to understand Felix and the universe in which they both reside. UPDATE (October 9, 2015): The final draft of this this novella, to include its epilogue, is in the review process. Originally “ The Meaning of Beauty: a Story in Five Parts ” the new edited draft was renamed and reviewed multiple times to improve upon the story’s themes and the overall language. I plan to release all five parts and an epilogue together for download with Amazon’s Kindle later this year (likely still in the Fall). Stay tuned and thanks for reading. The original story was made up of five parts: Part 1 - “All the Nice Dragons”; November 2014, Part 2 - “The Lovely Tomorrows” January 2015; Part 3 - “Sweet Little Monsters” February 2015; Part 4 - “Those Pleasant Moments” March 2015; Part 5 - “A Good Run of It” May 2015 Epilogue - December 6, 2015 (Photo taken by the author, Gaffney, SC circa December 2014)