From: Catfurnado: Oh Meow No!, Zombies and Psychotic Women “Let go of me, Pig!” Jason screamed as the police officer forcefully pushed him through the long hallway at Porter Memorial Hospital leading to the metal doors marked Mental Ward. As Officer Jackson Shanks heard the buzzing sound, he opened the door and led Jason inside. Two of the orderlies quickly walked over to him and grabbed Jason. Jan, the lead nurse, walked over to the officer. “Another one?” “Just like the others, he keeps screaming they’re coming.” “The toxicology report came back positive for heroin.” “Three separate perps, different locations, shouting the same thing,” the officer said confused. “Shared hallucinations?” “Shared something. I wish you luck with this one. He’s Judge Melton’s son. He’s going to want this one to be on the hush-hush.” “He’s going to get the same attention as any of my patients.” He turned his attention away from the nurse when he heard Officer Kyle Collins calling for a 10-15 over his radio. “This night is never going to end. I have to go.” “See you soon,” she joked as she buzzed him out of the mental ward. Jason screamed loudly as the orderlies put him in a straitjacket and led him to a padded room. They carefully placed him on the floor and closed the door behind him. He bounced his head repeatedly against the padded wall behind him and after a few minutes stopped and stared at the padded door before him. He tried to erase the image that was torturing him. Currently being doped up on drugs, he wasn’t sure if he had been witness to something violent and deadly. He couldn’t remember what he witnessed, but it was something so dramatic that it drove him into a psychotic episode. He had blacked out with no recollection of how he ended up on the city street screaming when the officer found him. He looked up at the ceiling and saw a camera pointing down toward him. Where am I? He looked down and realized he was in a straitjacket. He slowly pulled himself up and walked over to the padded door. “Help!” After a few minutes, he slid down the side of the padded door and stared at the floor. He began to cry while saying help repeatedly. With the effects of the drugs wearing off, he slowly fell asleep. He awoke several hours later. He stared at the padded room. He had no recollection of how he ended up in there or why he was wearing a straitjacket. The last thing he remembered was being with his girlfriend in a cheap hotel after scoring heroin from a drug dealer on one of the backstreets behind the old abandoned buildings downtown. His stomach growled loudly. He couldn’t remember the last time he ate something. He slowly stood up. “Hey, anybody out there? I’m hungry!” Several minutes later, still no response. What type of hospital doesn’t check on its patients? He leaned against the back wall and slowly slid down. He nervously pounded his head against the padded wall. Several hours went by without anyone checking up on him. He stared at the camera above. “Hello! I’m still here! Where is everybody?” Several more hours went by. Still nobody. He cried for several hours while trying to ignore the pains from his chest. Not only was he starving, he was going through withdrawal. His body shook violently as he felt like he was freezing even though he was sweating like a diabetic whose blood sugar had dropped severely. Several more hours went by and finally the door slowly opened. The hallway beyond it was pitch black. A few seconds later, a large green creature stuck its head into the room and sniffed the air with its long and low skull and upturned snout. He had seen this creature before in a movie he saw recently and also at the cheap motel where this thing, a Velociraptor, had murdered his girlfriend. Behind it, he could see the two orderlies and the nurse lying on the ground being ripped apart by three other Velociraptors. The Velociraptor stared at him and didn’t pay any attention to him until he started screaming. It pounced on him slashing through his lower abdomen with its claw. Jason screamed as it began to eat away at his internal organs.