The following story is by guest author Carlo Catabijan. If you like this story, follow him on Instagram (@carlobijan) or on Twitter (@carlobijan). I love my family . My dad is a doctor and he makes the people go to sleep. He said that his job is to make sure they are alive even when they look dead. He pokes them with a big needle in their back and they go to sleep in 10 seconds. Sometimes he puts something in their mouth and tells them count to 10. It’s so funny because they don’t even reach number 3 and they laugh. My dad is so funny; I love my dad. But sometimes, I’m scared of my dad and I don’t know why. He said he just wants to make sure I’m healthy and kisses my peepee. It’s ticklish and I don’t like it. Daddy said he is a guardian angel and he has powers to always protect me. We became friends when I was 6. We always talk at night before I go to bed; he tells me about his family too and said that he wants to run away. He said he hates his dad because they would always fight and his dad would kick him when he is angry. I feel bad for him. I love my family . My mom likes looking at big houses. She brings people inside and tells them how beautiful the kitchen is. I like going along with mommy, we go to big houses every time. One time, we went to this house with a big pool with a slide. I asked my mom if we can buy it, but she said it was very expensive. So I promise her I will buy that when I grow up and become a doctor like daddy. She told me to play in the swings and she will just talk to Mr. Trevor in the room. He is my mommy’s best friend; they always talk whenever we go to the big houses. Sometimes they even kiss before we go home. He’s nice and gives me candies. I fought with my friend today. He told me that I was stupid and crazy. He told me jump from the swing and it hurt. He keeps on getting mad at me and would tell me bad stuff like cut my hands or else he will kill my mommy. I got mad at him for saying that and said I don’t want to talk to him anymore. I love my family. I miss my brother. He said that he was going to a far place because he was going to say sorry to Mr. Trevor. I did not understand what he did but mommy was crying and daddy was shouting at her that night. I don’t like it when daddy shouts, I get scared and mommy too. She ran away and she forgot to bring her ring. My dad ran away too and the police came to get me. I asked where daddy and mommy went, they said, “They are sleeping.” My friend started shouting at me and I’m scared because I can’t hear anything. I couldn’t walk so I start hitting my head so he would get out of me. I don’t like my friend anymore. I don’t want to be his friend anymore. I started crying and shouting too so he would go away. Everything became black and then red and blue. I love my family. But I don’t know where they are. “Hello” I said “Who are you?” he asked. Picture by David Mican found via Creative Commons.